New York the city that never sleeps the
age of communication has dawned and the
most valuable commodity is time so the
means to tell it is everywhere whether
you're working talking or listening to
music it's a world which might have
little place for the wristwatch Jill
Hyland works for Geneva Watch Group
she's been part of a determined movement
to reinvent it as an accessory we want
them to buy a pink one and a blue one or
a purple strap or whatever the outfit is
that they're going to be using and so we
want them to buy six or seven watches
and we want them to buy watches every
six months or three months the strategy
is working Jill says sales have been
climbing as an annual rate of over 10
percent and there's another factor at
play here
it's called bloom singer P Diddy is one
of a string of stars who go for
extravagant timepieces the trend has
helped the Swiss watch industry to its
best year ever in last year the one
classic watches their wonder watch like
this but traditionalist Oscar Walden
says the figures don't tell the whole
story that the art of watchmaking is
being forgotten and the customer is
losing out people do not want to buy all
the crazy multicolored art and maybe
some women buy cheap prices but not that
the thousands of dollars for men to wear
these watches so there are a few
eccentric who want to sure but basically
people do not buy these watches and they
are killing the watch business the
business Oscar is talking about is the
one which focuses on what's inside the
watch high price tags are certainly in
vogue but the big money goes into the
casing what's inside is often made at
low cost in China so the beauty of the
movement which is the part that makes
Oscar tick risks being lost in the mists
of time
Sonia Beckett BBC News New York